Job Description

5+ years of relevant experience in the QA Department.
Expertise in Creating Test Automation Frameworks with Selenium/Java, TestNG
CI/CD Experience with Jenkins.
Experience in API testing.
Expertise in setting up Automation Suites in CI/CD Environment
3+ Years of extensive experience in Selenium/Java
Experience developing automated solutions using Selenium, JUnit, TestNG.
Ability to determine strategic direction and not just tactical.
Strong programming and technical experience as this role will require digging into code and interfacing with developers and delivery managers.
Knowledge of tools and processes for results reporting.
Experience managing teams of Automation Engineers strongly preferred.
Excellent attention to detail.
Good interpersonal, communication and organizational skills.
Maintains knowledge of specific technical specialisms, provides detailed advice regarding their application and executes specialized tasks.
Motivated by delivery and speed to outcome.
Flexibility to adjust to multiple demands, shifting priorities, ambiguity and rapid change.
Ability to deal efficiently with escalations and difficult situations under pressure.
Knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle including the functional and non-functional test phases.
Knowledge of Quality Management techniques.
Intermediate understanding of the customer services and business processes.
Knowledge of Agile and automation processes.
 

Preferences

End to End testing of ReactJS/NextJS apps on real devices
Automating payment test cases via UI/UX, using modern automation testing techniques
Automation of payment APIs
Experience using React/Cypress testing
QA Automation, Selenium, Java, Jenkins, API Testing, JUnit, Testing
 

Job Responsibilities

Provide supervision and direction to team members and staff
Delegate, coach, coordinate and lead co-workers and project team members
Understanding and documentation of existing tools/architecture if any, SWOT analysis of existing tools/framework, analysis of requirements for KT and future release items.
Solution and design for framework where required, updates to existing framework, design/development of new framework, scripting test cases.
Move along towards new initiatives without other people intervention.